Adding release updates to all-hands (#11009)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/getting-started/meetings.md

Reviewer: I don't really think this is the best way to go about it. No one wants to do the maintenance every week of having remember to move their items around in the doc. 

Why don't we just add this to the RFC template so people know to alert the comms team at certain stages of the product lifecycle?

Reviewer 2: I don't think people will remember to tell comms about it, CRM and Messaging don't even use the new product RFC template. And it's not just comms that needs to know, support, billing and sales need to know as well. If the team lead messages in Slack _somewhere_, two weeks later the message is buried and the date might be out of date anyway. 

The roadmap would be the best place thematically, but since we had the roadmap, 90% it's me and Joe keeping it up to date, so unless Exec wants to enforce roadmap updates and calling people out if they don't do it, I don't think this is going to work unfortunately.

I think having a list in all hands that people see anyway is the least effort way to remind everyone who needs to know and is interested what is happening. And it's a weekly reminder for product leads to update their product if out of date. They don't need to move it around every week either, only when there has been a change.

I've added it to the All Hands doc for now. I know it's not great, but IMO it's the least amount to remember and work for the maximum visibility.

![CleanShot 2025-03-20 at 16 15 28](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/18a8e9c5-8b23-4bd9-8443-2a8723f018ac)

Author: > Why don't we just add this to the [RFC template](https://github.com/PostHog/product-internal/blob/main/requests-for-comments/templates/request-for-comments-new-product.md) so people know to alert the comms team at certain stages of the product lifecycle?

We discussed this as a solution, but there are a couple of issues. Biggest is that it's not just Comms that has to be alerted and doing it that turns me into even more of a bottleneck. 

We also already have it in the RFC template anyway. Team leads are encouraged to: 
- Notify marketing at alpha stage to get tweets and encourage early users
- Notify product marketing specifically at beta stage to work on an announcement
- Notify product marketing and billing specifically when moving towards GA to plan announcement

Despite this (and it being in the handbook) this has almost never happened and I've had two team leads this week alone say they didn't know when or how to notify marketing about launch timelines. 

We could obviously make this more robust by spelling things out more clearly and making it more accountable, but that would create more slow process IMHO by asking team leads to communicate with multiple teams at various stages. It's faster IMO to ask team leads to update one line in a doc in a meeting they're already attending. 

Also, while it's tempting to direct everyone to me and let me figure it out, I do agree with Andy [that](https://posthog.slack.com/archives/C083V7C6GKE/p1742464880526399?thread_ts=1742462443.379119&cid=C083V7C6GKE): "if the answer is just “tell Joe and let him figure it out” people won’t take proper ownership."

Reviewer: Okay fair, we can give it a shot 👍

- **Thursday** - Meeting-free - no regularly scheduled internal meetings allowed. [Learn more](#no-recurring-meeting-days-tuesdaysthursdays).
- **Friday** - These alternate between Sprint Planning and Life Stories.

## The all-hands

The Monday all-hands features a few regular sections and is recorded in [this document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JbA2W1CP2sA5vRVnS0UgyDgRz88mKpEVeinW6SYjO74/edit?usp=sharing).

- **Announcements:** Revenue and churn updates, plus other major news
- **Hiring:** Updates about headcount, who is starting soon, and new hiring roles
- **Releases:** Updates about what we're working on, with updates in the following categories:
    - _Roadmap_: Things we're working on, but aren't available yet. 
    - _Beta_: Things which are available, but aren't ready for release yet.
    - _Prepping for launch_: Things which are ready and we have a pricing RFC and target release date for. 

> It's the responsibility of team leads to update this section for their products, so supporting teams (e.g. Billing, Comms, Support) can assist in a successful launch.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It's the responsibility of product managers to update this section for their products, so supporting teams (e.g. Billing, Comms, Support) can assist in a successful launch.
```

@annikaschmid does this seem reasonable?

Reviewer 2: PM can do this for the teams we work with, but we only work with 6 out of currently ~14 product engineering teams. We can do it for other teams too, but that increases overhead, because I would have to message the team lead for the status.

So I'd rather say "team leads" here, and I can have an informal agreement with my teams that I keep our section up to date.
